com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/stepdefinitions/Hook.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.stepdefinitions.Hook
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/LoginPage.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.LoginPage
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/HomePage.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.HomePage
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/common/Scroll.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.common.Scroll
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/login/Logout.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.login.Logout
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/driver/Driver.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.driver.Driver
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/ProfilePage.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.ProfilePage
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/ConsultUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.ConsultUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/common/OpenTheAplication.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.common.OpenTheAplication
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/common/Wait.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.common.Wait
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/common/GoToMenuOption.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.common.GoToMenuOption
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/AddUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.AddUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/CancelUserUpdate.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.CancelUserUpdate
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/UpdateUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.UpdateUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/stepdefinitions/ConfigureProfile.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.stepdefinitions.ConfigureProfile
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/questions/ResultSearchUpdatedUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.questions.ResultSearchUpdatedUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/MenuOption.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.MenuOption
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/login/RecoverPassword.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.login.RecoverPassword
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/stepdefinitions/Login.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.stepdefinitions.Login
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/stepdefinitions/User.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.stepdefinitions.User
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/UserPage.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.UserPage
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/questions/ResultSearch.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.questions.ResultSearch
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/EnableUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.EnableUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/constants/Constants.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.constants.Constants
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/questions/PageTitle.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.questions.PageTitle
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/EditUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.EditUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/profile/ChangeProfileName.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.profile.ChangeProfileName
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/EnterRegistrationData.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.EnterRegistrationData
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/questions/Message.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.questions.Message
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/CancelUserRegistration.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.CancelUserRegistration
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/login/Login.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.login.Login
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/users/ConsultDetailsUser.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.users.ConsultDetailsUser
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/pages/CustomerPage.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.pages.CustomerPage
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/customer/EnterRegistrationDataC.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.customer.EnterRegistrationDataC
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/customer/AddCustomer.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.customer.AddCustomer
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/customer/ConsultCustomer.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.customer.ConsultCustomer
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/questions/ResultSearchUpdatedCustomer.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.questions.ResultSearchUpdatedCustomer
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/stepdefinitions/Customer.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.stepdefinitions.Customer
com/aplicacionescsge/oleohidraulica/certification/tasks/customer/DetailsCustomer.java
 com.aplicacionescsge.oleohidraulica.certification.tasks.customer.DetailsCustomer
